---
layout:     post
title:      Eighteen years a kid.
date:       2016-03-30 6:54:00
comments:   true
summary:    Hello, World!
categories:
---
On the 6th day of April, 1998, I arrived on Earth, with a lot of bawling, puking and hair-pulling. I was born a Tamilian - in Chennai - where I belonged to a huge pre installed hierarchical topology of grandparents, parents, uncles, aunties and cousins. So naturally, chicken biriyani and teamwork were priorities.

Chennai was my incubator for roughly a year so I didn’t stay there for too long. I moved to Pune for two years where I was professionally trained to eat, crap, and sleep. I later moved to Goa for a year of vacation, and to Coimbatore for those two weird years of kindergarten - It wasn't a co-educational school, sigh.

I was that wayfaring stranger on a long road trip who came home after six very long baby years.

I moved to this beautiful city called Bangalore, where the weather is cold throughout the year and the people are chill all day, every day. Its bipolar nature can make your bum feel lazy on rainy days and give you spaz attacks on sunny days. There really aren't -at least to me -any in betweens.

On my first day of actual school, I was amazed at how chalks worked. They turned from being chalks to powder, leaving behind endless alphabets and numbers ready to be learned. Thanks to crayons, I later explored with lines and colors that turned my imagination into quirky little friends on paper. I would sometimes stop, reassure that I would be an artist one day and continue, leaving behind a dent in the universe.

I still remember the excitement when my mother asked little me which instrument I’d like to take home from the music store one evening. I shouted “Definitely, that piano, ma!”— Later that day, my soul heard happiness. I was seven when I brought home my first violin, named *piano* and since then music has been an important side dish in my book.  It is the one form of art where I am perfectly content being a spectator as well as a performer.

I grew up faster than I could ever type 'Hello, World!' and sometimes wondered why I did not have a sibling yet. But I met this skinny guy called Rahul Joshi sometime around seventh grade and I didn't have to worry about it anymore. High school was fun having him and all my bros by my side, however, studying Hindi and you know, high school drama filled with sycophants messed me up a little bit but things got better over the years.

Also many nice things happened...

I moved to the fourth floor where I fell in love with my room and my terrace—Inside I tried electrolysis with pencils, crashed my windows bootloader with linux, built a hackintosh from scratch and procrastinated more on my school assignments. Outside I enjoyed movie marathons with friends, spent time looking up at the elegant night sky together, waited for the ISS to transit by, and wondered why we exist on a cute, pale blue dot.  As I grew, I soon discovered that my energy was happier being expended on math and writing.

Like how “The Starry Night” (painted by Vincent Van Gogh) elevated the background, the night sky to fit perfectly into place with the rest of the painting in the foreground, I took pleasure in the littlest of things that my world could offer me and embraced the wonderful blend of both arts and science.

---
------

<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>
    /**
     *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
     *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables
     */
    /*
    var disqus_config = function () {
        this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
        this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
    };
    */
    (function() {  // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
        var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');

        s.src = '//jeremyphilemon.disqus.com/embed.js';

        s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
        (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript" rel="nofollow">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
